obi with you will turn to talk
of a player who finished in this match
his name is gervais kouassi yao
gervinho you know him there to follow
the seven playoff games and
bequeath world-2014 will pass to the
gambie he indulged our reporter
in Basque where Gambian players and
their coach luciano mancini are
left the stadium houphouët boigny with
images of gervinho full head
so much the EU member of arsenal has them
makes you see all the colors from the
beginning of the game
gervinho martyrises his bodyguard
on the left flank on the finish is
bad
once on the left and once on the right
where he distills suri traits of the clas
yaya turned but again the
last gestures is lacking in first
period
he will still try to push salomon
kalou at goal but without success however
in the second period gervinho continues to
harass the guardian defense he gets
a penalty converted by wilfried bony
the action of gervinho changes the face of
match after second goal gervinho
decided to speed up once again
we preferred to give him the floor to
describe his dazzling javelin breakthrough
play so we could my childhood and my
colleague but who was always first
further
I try to go German news and in
any kind doing unions and
it's passing with that or spring rolls me
I had it to him and I just spent the
balloon that lives well that makes a
relationship I think it takes the
thank because the vf lakes meaning
after the last coup de brilliance of
gervinho his captain maestro on
charlie him wax the shoe for that
handed him virtuoso gervihno success
thanks to his speed and his dribbles
skewed and its confusing hooks and
devastating to publish any
the Gambian rearguard